I am wrinting a program to store some text, say notes. Finding some unique name is troublesome, so I just named it NoteIt.
I used python with kivy gui library to implement ui. First, I had to do topbar design. So I added a button to add new note
in the top-leftmost position, then added the name of the program, then in the top-rightmost, I added a text input box to 
search from notes to find notes fast if there's too many notes present. Added a little search button to implement the
filtering. Then added a nice background image, then the list of notes in the middle of window, which can be scrolled, and
added a popup window which will be opened after pressing the new button at the top-leftmost position. Similar window will
be opened after pressing each item in the note colleciton section, which was added in the middle. Kivy don't have any 
good design in widgets by default. So I had to hardcode everything to make things look good. To make texts look good, I
added one font family from google as well, which is named 'AnnonymousPro', I don't know if this is a common name for fonts
collected from annonymous source or not, but it doesn't matter. The thing is, it's copyright free and also free of cost.

I am writing this code in one file, which is getting bigger and bigger. I think I need to create some files to paritition
the code in modules and combine them in main file to make the code more readable. But this can create more complexity for
the first time creation, where a lot of thigs to add, connect, and design, multiple file can cause problem. So, I think,
for first time production purpose, writing everytin in one file, then after finishing up the base or the skeleton it can
be seperated in multiple files. If the initial code is too big, we can always add big space to ensure there is a clear
division between multiple chunk of codes.

I didn't add any comment yet. The variables, class, function/method names are pretty much self-explanatory. So don't
think adding comments is necessary yet. But if the code getts bigger and more complecated, then adding them wil help. But
for now, adding commment would be just a waste of time. But I am thinking, what if later I need to add conmments, but
feel lazy about doing so because it is a pain? So adding minimal comment would help for a long run I suppose.

I was wondering what should I use to store the note texts. First I thought of python shelve. But that is too simple. So
I decided to use an database to store the notes. To keep things light, I used sqlite3. Then I connected evrythin, and
pretty much finished with my work.

I faced a big drawback of using database this time. One is updaing the list of notes after deleting one row. If I delete
a row form the middle, I need to change the id of all the row, which was set as a primary key of the table. But primary
key can be updated. So I had to delete every row after the delted row, then add them one by one agian setting new id as
one less than the previous id. It should take a lot of time to execute when the databse gets bigger.

Next I did some graphical adjustmens. These are just hover effects and colors. Not anything extraordinary or anythong. But
it took me some time to make evryting memory efficient. I had to make sure the temporary memory gets deleted perfectly to
prevent memory leak. I didn't bother delteing everythig after the program was closed, because python should do that
automatically.

So, I published this project in github after I was initially done. Then I shared the release version with one of my
classmate, he give me his opinion on different thigs, which helped me to understand the problems from user perspective.
I fixed 2 issue he mentioned, one is removing the default text which needed to be deleted before adding new notes, and
adding a buttion after search icon which resets the search. I'll try to add some shortcut when I get more time.
